feat(VHover): port to v3 (#13979)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/components/hover.md

# Hover

The `v-hover` component provides a simple interface for handling hover states for any component.

<entry-ad />

## Usage

> The `v-hover` component is a wapper that should contain a default scoped slot. In order for `v-hover` to work properly, either control the **model-value** prop manually, or bind the **props** object from the scoped slot to the component inside the slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `v-hover` is a renderless component that uses the default slot to provide scoped access to its internal model; as well as mouse event listeners to modify it. To expliclty control the internal state, use the **model-value** property.
```
